---
layout: post
title: ArrrrCamp 2015 diversity program
---

Arrrr mateys,

The fantastic people of **eurucamp and Ruby Berlin e.V.** have offered to
sponsor a number of tickets, along with **Twilio** and **PullReview**. In total
we are offering up to 12 free tickets as part of a diversity program aimed to
help underrepresented groups in tech to attend and lowering the barriers for
them. This includes but isnâ€™t limited to: women, people of color, LGBTQIA+
people, and disabled people.

Because the event is next week already we urge you to fill in the form below as
soon as possible. Our jury will start picking the winners of the tickets **by
the end of the week** so that there is still some time left for people to
arrange travel and accommodation.


### Terms & Condition

Your privacy, details and answers remain protected. The jury will decide based
on your answers and never share any data with anyone. This application is for
one conference ticket only. The ticket includes admission to the conference
itself, catering for the day of the conference, and admission to the events
organised for the conference attendees, speakers, and staff. All attendees,
speakers, sponsors and staff at Arrrrcamp 2015 are required to agree with the
Code of Conduct of the event. Organizers will enforce this code throughout the
event.

You can find the code of conduct here:
[http://2015.arrrrcamp.be/coc/](http://2015.arrrrcamp.be/coc/)


### How to apply

Simply head over to [the application
form](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/1XRZm3iFJzYG2G4Rbz1gsyYejc6d6gmuGaPLCJU88y8o/viewform)
and submit it. We will be in touch as soon as we can to let you know if you will
be given a ticket!


### Special word of thanks

We'd like to thank eurucamp, Ruby Berlin e.V., Twilio and PullReview for offering
these tickets but there is one more organisation I would like to thank.

The [Travis Foundation](http://foundation.travis-ci.org) has been helping us set
this up and organize the whole process. On top of that they've given us some
tips on how to make the conference even more welcoming for everyone that wants
to attend. Check out their site to learn more about what they do to make an even
better open source community!


Hope to see you soon!

The Captain and crew
